{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww23360\viewh23980\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
Multilevel.R\
1 - l60:\
#-- mode\
    if (method == "spls") \{\
      choices = c("regression", "canonic")\
      mode = choices[pmatch(mode, choices)]\
      \
      if (is.na(mode)) \
        stop("'mode' should be one of 'regression' or 'canonic'.", call. = FALSE)\
    \}\
\
=> we simply CANNOT change the mode names like that.\
It has been called \'91canonical\'92 since 2009, we have to stick to it.\
So I changed it back the \'91canonical\'92\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720
\cf0 1.1 - New line 61\'a0: corrected
\f1 \

\f0 method = choices[pmatch(method[1], choices)]
\f1 \
\

\f0 1.2 - New line 69\'a0: corrected
\f1 \

\f0 mode = choices[pmatch(mode[1], choices)]\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
2 - I have extended the arguments in the function to extract all choices (necessary for the help file)\
I also added the arguments max.iter and tol that were removed. And made sure they were call in the\
res object (calling the function splsda and spls\
multilevel <- \
  function(X, \
           Y = NULL,\
           design,  # design = NULL #*KA* added a stop missing below, because if missing, the whole multilevel module has no point\
           ncomp = 2,\
           keepX = NULL,\
           keepY = NULL,  \
           method = c("spls", "splsda"),  # *KA*\
           mode = c("regression", "canonical"), # *KA*\
           max.iter = 500, # *KA*\
           tol = 1e-06, # *KA*\
           ...)\
\
3 - I have created a withinVariation.R extra file for that function\
\
4 - commented out l 215\
       #-- apply sPLS on the within deviation matrices --#\
      # if keepY is missing, we assume it is a non sparse model\
      # line below is probably not needed since it is in the check function?\
      ##if (is.null(keepY)) keepY = rep(ncol(Y), ncomp)\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720
\cf0 4.2 - Error in new line 153
\f1 \

\f0 keepX = rep(q, ncomp) => keepY = rep(q, ncomp)\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
5 - I dont see the logical link between renaming vac18 as \'91vac18.study\'92, since liver toxicity study is called liver.toxicity - so we will stay with \'91vac18\'92\
\
6 - Note that in mixOmics we have always tended to use the \'91.\'92 to separate words rather than \'91_\'92. So I will change the multilevel.rda file accordingly (col_stimu will be col.stimu)\
\
7 - the pheatmap adds a nice way of visualising the levels in the multilevel. Not sure the CIM would do that (will need to check). So I readed an extra class(res) called splsda1fact and spslda2fact to be able to still use the function in the tutorial. But now I get a new bug which needs to be resolved. IBG - 24/02/2015\
The functions \'93pheatmap.multilevel.splsda1fact\'94 and \'93pheat.multilevel.splsda2fact\'94 have been updated. \
FYI CIM does not work on splsda object, only on pls, roc or spls object (cf methods(cim)).\
\
8 - the withinVariation should have the same simple arguments as multilevel, i.e. design, instead of (factors and rep.measures). BG  - 24/02/2015\
Done. Replace arguments \'93rep.measures\'94 and \'93factors\'94 by the \'93design\'94 matrix\
Modify \'93X.mean.indiv\'94 feature to deal with only one subject (cf loo in tune.multilevel.R)\
\
9 - multilevel.R updates\
BG - 24/02/2015\
Added Ignacio\'92s amendments 1.1, 1.2, 4.2 (See email 19/02/2015) on multilevel.R function\
\
10 - tune\'85\
BG - 24/02/2015\
Update the following scripts (tune.multilevel, tune.splsdalevel1, tune.splsdalevel2.R and tune.splslevel.R) using the withinVariation function \
KA - 13/03/2015 added an extra output for tune.splsdalevel1 to extract the classification error rate per class for the last tested keepX.\
\
Change script tune.splsdalevel1.R because the Xw was not correct in Mfold validation. \
Change script tune.splsdalevel2.R and tune.splslevel.R because the correlation was estimated on no scaled/centered matrix\
\
11 - CIM (KA 13/03/2015)\
CIM function not added yet as it would require a new branch a many updates for that function. ON HOLD for this update}